This API pulls reaction data from https://www.rhea-db.org/. The rhea.rdf file with this information is structured in a flat format chunked into <description> tags. The parser takes these chunks one by one to walk through the document. In the first loop compound information is extracted into an object called compound_lib. In the second loop rhea reaction information is extracted and additional tags as well as compound information is integrated. With the completion of each rhea entry it is yielded.
Important notes: Some rhea IDs are obsolete but still included in the output however these have a value of "Obsolete" associated with the "status" key for the rhea entry. Citation information can be accessed for all rhea's that have it with the key "citations". Reaction participant information can be accessed with the two keys "side_l" and "side_r". Not all participant compounds have a chebi id but most do. Some instead have a "poly_id" (for polymer entries) or a "generic_id" for generic compounds (example of a generic compound: [protein]-dithiol). Rhea id's have the CURIE "RHEA:##" with variable number of numbers as the unique ID. ChEBI id's have the CURIE "CHEBI:##". Citations are all pubmed citations with the the CURIE "PMID:". Every reaction has 4 rhea id's associated with it (e.g. RHEA:10000, RHEA:10001, RHEA:10002, RHEA:10003). Each are the same except have different directionality of the reaction associated. Each rhea_entry yielded by parser.py groups all 4 rhea's into one dictionary object. The primary id (first of the set of 4) is associated with the key "rhea_id". The other 3 rhea id's can be accessed with the key "children_rheas".